[snarling]
A Boom spell?!
[roaring]
Alright...
You!
Sizzle...
Dai!
[pained grunt]
Dai [thought]:
This is impossible...
Baran [thought]:
We won't win this way.
Kasizz!
Draconic Aura defense.
Interesting.
Like father, like son.
Vearn: Baran has
realized that Hadlar's body
contains a Black Core.
Do you see it now,
Mystvearn?
Hadlar may actually
have a chance.
The attacks and spells
of these Dragon Knights
are too powerful,
aren't they?
They're afraid it
will detonate.
It is an advantage-
it's keeping them from
fighting at full strength.
Mystvearn: Cowards!
Hadlar: Why are you
holding back?
Don't tell me you've
lost your nerve.
What happened to the great
"Dragon Knights" of old?
Father and son.
Don't you know how
to fight together?
Baran, where's
your Gigabreak?!
And Dai - you, too. Don't you
want to avenge your old master?
Here's your chance.
Go ahead and try to
take your revenge on me.
Dai [thought]: That's it!
Hadlar doesn't know.
Maybe if I tell him,
he'll stop fighting.
Listen, Hadlar!
You've got-
Baran: Don't.
You mustn't tell him.
Dai: Huh? Why not?!
Baran: A Black Core
can be detonated
at the whim of it's creator.
Once Hadlar knows it's there,
Vearn will activate
it on the spot.
He'll do it just to keep Hadlar
from turning against him.
What's wrong?
Baran: We'll be fine.
If we focus all our energy on
defense, we should survive.
But your friends on the surface
will almost certainly perish.
Hadlar: Don't
insult me like this.
Dai [thought]: At this rate...
Hadlar: How very suspicious.
What are you up to?
Just you wait and see!
Baran: Zapple!
Fight me. I've seen
you in action, Hadlar.
So I know the
extent of your power.
As you requested of me,
I will draw my blade.
Interesting. So you were just
testing me this whole time?
That's good to hear.
Dai: What are you doing?!
Baran: I'm going to
have him explode here.
It's a risk,
but I have no choice.
Dai: What?!
Baran: If I decapitate him,
he shouldn't
detonate right away.
It will take a moment for Vearn
to realize what's happened.
That's when I'll use
all of my Draconic Aura
available to
contain the blast.
Dai: But you don't
know that'll work!
What makes you think it can
be contained by
a Draconic Aura?
Even one like yours?!
It's way too dangerous!
Baran: Dai... Tell me.
Do you trust me?
Baran: Well?
Dai: I... I trust your
strength more than anyone's.
Baran: A good answer.
And I trust your
strength as well.
Seeing you fight against
the Bishop and Hadlar
has made me realize...
You're far stronger than
when you last fought me.
I'm impressed
with how you've grown.
Baran: But this is
something only I can do...
With my sword skills and
abundance of Draconic Aura.
So I'm going to
need you to trust me.
And get your
friends out of here,
just in case
things go poorly.
Take that hole to the surface.
Baran: No matter
what happens to me,
I promise I'll
take care of Hadlar.
I leave the fight
with King Vearn to you.
Dai, I truly hope
that you win.
For you... and for
those who believe in you.
[growling]
[roaring]
[chuckling]
What impressive
power we wield.
You have your Ultimate
Blade and Gigabreak...
And I have my Ultra
Combustion Slash!
Both infuse our blades
with supercharged energy
to destroy our enemies
at the moment of impact.
So that means, the first
to land a hit wins.
It seems all will be
decided by who is fastest!
Yes... It will.
Hadlar: I doubt that either of
us will require a second strike.
Both attacks are strong
enough to end everything.
Dai [thought]: Maybe...
Maybe I should help him.
Maybe I can use my
own Draconic Aura...
to help contain the blast...
Baran: Do not interfere!
Baran: What Hadlar said
is absolutely right.
The timing is everything.
If you interfere, it increases
my chances of failing.
Dai: B-But... I...
Baran: Dai... Didn't you say
that you trust my strength?
Dai: All right!
But once Popp and
the others are safe,
I'm coming back to help.
Promise me... you won't fail.
Baran: Yes. You have my word.
Get to safety.
Hadlar? It's time!
Show me a Dragon
Knight's true power!
Baran: Go, Dai!
Gigabreak!
Hadlar: Ultra
Combustion Slash!
Got you!
What?
Baran: Hadlar...
It's over!
H-He did it!
[shocked gasp]
But, how?!
Baran: It didn't cut through!
Look out!
[roaring]
D-Dai?!
Dino!
Move!
Dino, you have to wake up!
Please!
Baran [thought]: No!
The wound is too deep.
Left untreated,
it could be fatal!
Dai: [pained groaning]
Dino...
Who? Oh, right.
Y-You mean me.
Looks... like the
attack didn't work.
It-It's strange.
When you first fought me,
your Gigabreak...
It seemed a whole
lot stronger...
That's enough. Don't talk.
Let's get you healed up first.
Hadlar [thought]: How?
Nothing should have been
able to survive that.
Baran's attack was
perfectly timed-
and at the optimal range.
How could I withstand a strike
from the Dragon Master...
and endure it so easily?
Hadlar: How?!
Killvearn: Allow me
to answer that question.
Killvearn!
Baran: You're still alive?
Killvearn: [chuckling]
It'd be a pretty sad world if
even a reaper could be killed.
Of course, I'm alive.
Yeah! The undying man!
But how? When I left you...
you were in pieces!
Killvearn: That's the thing.
You took your eyes off
me too soon, Baran.
How's that?
Killvearn: The blood in my
veins has the same composition
as Underworld magma.
It's extremely hot and
contains a powerful acid.
And you went and cut me in half
- very painful, by the way -
but getting my blood all over
your Demon Dragon Blade.
So, you see, my blood
corroded your weapon,
and dulled the edge of
your incredible blade.
Even the Demon Dragon
Blade can't regenerate
from that kind of
damage so quickly.
Against someone as
strong as Hadlar here,
it completely loses
its effectiveness.
This is my curse, Baran.
You may evade me,
but there are consequences
for all actions.
A reaper always gets
their target in the end.
So there you have it, Hadlar.
I doubt you'd like
me taking your prey,
I'll leave the rest to you.
Be sure to take
care of him for me.
Reaper. I was not
aware that you were
under orders to
eliminate Baran.
It's all cloak and
dagger with you.
Killvearn:
That's an ugly wound.
Piroro! Tend to him, will you?
No. It'll heal.
Piroro: Now, now.
Don't be like that.
Killvearn: Learn to accept
people's generosity, Hadlar.
So long as our friend
Baran is eliminated,
my job will be
considered complete.
One more thing.
I'd advise against showing
these two any mercy.
You should crush them at once.
You may want a fair fight,
but his sword won't
regenerate for quite a while.
Do you have that
sort of time left?
How did you...?
Hooray! It's all healed now.
Oh wait. There's another
wound over here.
[alarmed breath]
Piroro: Let me take
care of that...
[evil laughter]
Baran [thought]: They know.
They're not backing down so
that Hadlar can have the glory;
they want to avoid
the Black Core's explosion!
Killvearn: Goodbye
and good luck, Hadlar.
You too, Baran.
Not that it'll help.
[giggle]
I'd prefer to win this
without Killvearn's help.
But I don't have the
luxury of waiting until
you both are ready
to fight again.
So I won't be
holding back, Baran.
Baran [thought]: No...
If I stop the healing spell now,
Dino might not survive!
I can't let go of him, no
matter what attack may come.
You choose to protect the boy.
Well, so be it.
I can't extend the
inevitable any longer.
Let us finish this at last.
D-Dodge it!
Forget about me.
Keep fighting.
Kaboom!
Dino!
H-How could you...
be so... so reckless?!
I'm fine. I can fight.
Somehow I'm already
fully healed.
[wincing]
Stop pretending! You can
barely hold yourself up.
That's enough.
What?
Dai: All of this
covering for each other,
and walking on eggshells
while we're trying to fight...
I've had it!
We're... family,
isn't that right?
Dino...
If we're gonna fight
together... then trust me.
Trust that the two
of us can fight as one!
If we learn to respect
each other, then who knows?
Maybe we can...
find a power truly
worth fighting for.
A new power...
Okay. Here we go, Hadlar!
Darn it...
I can do this!
Hadlar [thought]: He
possesses such unlimited will.
Baran: Very well.
I'll do as you say.
Really?
What... was that?!
Baran: Dai.
I meant to ask you...
who was it that
gave you that name?
It was Grampa Brass.
When I washed up on
Dermline Island.
My crib...
It had a name plate.
Only the letter "D"
was left on it.
Grampa gave me this
name so that at least...
I'd have the initial
my real parents gave me.
Why am I so sleepy?
That is the sleep spell,
Kasnooze. I cast it on you.
So just leave the fighting to
me and get some rest, okay?
But why?
I would fight with you.
Lie still and let
yourself heal, son.
Dragon Knights have
unmatched abilities.
We can heal faster
than others can.
How could... how could
you do this to me?
You may wish otherwise,
but I now realize that this
is what a parent must do.
You will understand
when you grow up.
Please, don't do this!
I'll fight...
I'll fight with you...
"Dai", huh?
It's a good name.
But I hope you'll remember the
name that Soala and I gave you.
"Dino". In the Alkeed language
it means, "Strong Dragon".
But, why?
Why does everybody pull
the same trick on me?
Even Master...
Even Master cast Kaclang
on me, and then he...
I see.
So Avan used the
same sort of tactic.
Well, then.
It seems as if I...
maybe a little too late
for it to change things...
I did learn to be human.
Dai: This can't be the end!
It can't be...
N-No...
It's not...
fair.
Baran: Come on!
Good night, Dino.
Go to sleep.
Baby Dai: [crying]
Come on, Dino!
What's wrong, son?
[sigh]
Baran. You're doing it wrong.
Go to sleep, Dino.
Sweet dreams.
It just takes some time.
I'm pretty sure you'll get
the hang of it, someday!
Baran [thought]: It looks
like you were right, Soala.
I never did get the hang
of putting him to sleep.
Well, look at you. A true
parent at heart, Baran.
Prepare yourself, Hadlar.
I swore I'd never use
this power again, but...
You've left me no choice.
Hadlar: That's...
Believe me, I didn't put Dino
to sleep for his well being...
I took this terrible form when
we last battled each other...
I never want Dino to
see it again!
Your true form!
The Dragonoid!
Hadlar: [laughing]
I see.
So you plan to fight in
the Dragon Knight's
ultimate battle mode!
Then fine. I accept
your challenge!
Well, Hadlar? The two of
us can go to hell together!
[excruciated howl]
Hadlar: C-Curse you!
Narrator: While the Disciples
of Avan battle the Royal Guard,
Baran assumes his
Dragonoid form once again
and faces off against Hadlar.
With the fate of his
son hanging in the balance,
Baran unleashes
his full fury...
But King Vearn
watches from his throne,
and could detonate his
henchman at any moment.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Black Core."